---
layout: post
title: Welcome to Not Pure Poole
date: 2020-09-29 23:18 +0800
last_modified_at: 2020-10-01 01:08:25 +0800
tags: [jekyll theme, jekyll, tutorial]
toc:  true
---
Welcome to **Not Pure Poole**! This is an example post to show the layout.
{: .message }

First, do you notice the TOC on the right side? Try to scroll down to read this post, you'll find that the TOC is always sticky in the viewport.

Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis <a href="#">dis parturient montes</a>, nascetur ridiculus mus. *Aenean eu leo quam.* Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam venenatis vestibulum. Sed posuere consectetur est at lobortis. Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum.

> Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor. Nullam quis risus eget urna mollis ornare vel eu leo. Nullam id dolor id nibh ultricies vehicula ut id elit.

Etiam porta **sem malesuada magna** mollis euismod. Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur.

## Inline HTML elements

HTML defines a long list of available inline tags, a complete list of which can be found on the [Mozilla Developer Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element).

- **To bold text**, use `<strong>`.
- *To italicize text*, use `<em>`.
- <mark>To highlight</mark>, use `<mark>`.
- Abbreviations, like <abbr title="HyperText Markup Langage">HTML</abbr> should use `<abbr>`, with an optional `title` attribute for the full phrase.
- Citations, like <cite>&mdash; Mark Otto</cite>, should use `<cite>`.
- <del>Deleted</del> text should use `<del>` and <ins>inserted</ins> text should use `<ins>`.
- Superscript <sup>text</sup> uses `<sup>` and subscript <sub>text</sub> uses `<sub>`.

Most of these elements are styled by browsers with few modifications on our part.

## Footnotes

Footnotes are supported as part of the Markdown syntax. Here's one in action. Clicking this number[^fn-sample_footnote] will lead you to a footnote. The syntax looks like:

{% highlight text %}
Clicking this number[^fn-sample_footnote]
{% endhighlight %}

Each footnote needs the `^fn-` prefix and a unique ID to be referenced for the footnoted content. The syntax for that list looks something like this:

{% highlight text %}
[^fn-sample_footnote]: Handy! Now click the return link to go back.
{% endhighlight %}

You can place the footnoted content wherever you like. Markdown parsers should properly place it at the bottom of the post.

## Heading

Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue rutrum faucibus dolor auctor. Duis mollis, est non commodo luctus, nisi erat porttitor ligula, eget lacinia odio sem nec elit. Morbi leo risus, porta ac consectetur ac, vestibulum at eros.
